{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Tahoma;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
{\info
{\author David Topps}}\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Theoretically, this should be simpler in OLab4. \
\
However, CW has implemented some kind of file storage virtualization to help with some of the folder permission problems that we had.\
\
I thought initially that I would use the ECG javascript widget to test some of this. See map 648 on demo.olab3 - however, this is quite a quirky example and my simple efforts at modifying the html to change the bpm from 120 to 80 in VPD:1518 just created a problem. \
\
Let\'92s see if we have more success with a more self-contained widget. What about the entertainment widgets that we had for an earlier TTalk test session -- map 627. \
\
Well, the TinyMCE editor seems to have clobbered most of these in OLab3. \
\
Tried to load them into OLab4. In Map 627, even the normal Links will not work. Sigh. Tried to load a Hashi puzzle from Conceptis into the Root node - but it is not displayed. Oh well. \
\
Also tried one from Wolfram Alpha for BMI calcs. Works in OLab3 but not in OLab4. \
\
Some others that we may want to try eventually:\
\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wolframalpha.com/widgets/view.jsp?id=85a439cfc470980ff68591ebf7843e5e"}}{\fldrslt http://www.wolframalpha.com/widgets/view.jsp?id=85a439cfc470980ff68591ebf7843e5e}} - EDC calculator\
\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.aapc.com/icd-10/widgets/add-codeconverter-widget.aspx"}}{\fldrslt https://www.aapc.com/icd-10/widgets/add-codeconverter-widget.aspx}} - ICD9 to ICD10 converter - but does not seem to work. \
\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://bestpractice.bmj.com/best-practice/file/BMJ_Best_Practice_Integration_leaflet_Final_AW.pdf"}}{\fldrslt https://bestpractice.bmj.com/best-practice/file/BMJ_Best_Practice_Integration_leaflet_Final_AW.pdf}} - BMJ Best Practice has a number of widgets that might be worth exploring. Did not try any here. \
\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://myhealth.alberta.ca/help/kb/pages/content.aspx?cat=8558e89a-a817-42b8-89e9-222fad203c4a"}}{\fldrslt https://myhealth.alberta.ca/help/kb/pages/content.aspx?cat=8558e89a-a817-42b8-89e9-222fad203c4a}} - widgets from MyHealth Alberta PHR. }